(Note taker: Tom Stevenson)

**Short Reports:**

15-08-18 

• CxAODMaker adding isolation selection tool to photon handler, and
other small changes -- support for additional triggers, latest config
files, etc. P. Rose.

• CxAODTools update to vbf+gamma OR tool and addition of common
properties for photon isolation P. Rose.

• CxAODReader adding sample names for VBF+gamma analysis for
HistNameSvc, P. Rose.

• FrameworkExe support for additional vbf+gamma samples, P Rose.

• CxAODReader\_VHbb minor changes to AnalysisReader\_VBFHbb -- different
histogram binning, MV2c20 cut, debug info, P. Rose .

• CxAODTools skip duplicated mc\_channel\_number, remove deprecated
DerivEffProvider, Daniel.

• CxAODReader CXAOD-41: use applySherpaTruthPtCut config flag, default
is false, Daniel, applySherpaTruthPtCut not needed as we now have
exclusive samples and is set to false by default.

• FrameworkExe add sample HZZllqq, CXAOD-41: add applySherpaTruthPtCut
flag, Daniel.

• FrameworkExe adding the HZZvvqq sample string, Arturo, added to copy
to eos script other additional samples as some MC15 sample names have
changed.

 

15-08-19

• CxAODMaker fixed typo in HLT\_mu24\_iloose\_L1MU15 trigger, A.
Montalbano, currently always returns false.

• CxAODTools Update made to the XSectionProvider to allow for the
XSection\_13TeV.txt and XSection\_8TeV.txt files to be read in properly
and contain the additional information that sets the sample name
associated to a given DSID. (performed for @CxAOD-19), Sam, old files
cannot be used with new code.

• CxAODReader Update made to AnalysisReader and HistNameSvc to simplify
the manner in which the sample name is determined. CxAOD-19), Sam.

• CXAODReader\_VHbb added missing protection, Hannah, added switches for
truth tagging etc.

 

15-08-20

• CxAODMaker shallow copies of input containers recorded in EventLoop's
TStore, resolves JIRA ticket CXAOD-38, Kristian, necessary requirement
to implement the Higgs tagger tool.

• CxAODReader remove some debug output, add counter for selected events,
print at end of job, Daniel, prints total number of events and events
which pass the selection.

• FrameworkExe Update of the samples to copy in SVN, more names have
been added to the list too, Arturo.

 

15-08-21

• CxAODReader\_VHbb, proper init, Hannah,

 

15-08-24

• CxAODTools, CxAODReader, CxAODReader\_VHbb, FrameworkExe, new
b-tagging tool, Jeff, implemented interface to b-tagging tool, allows
for multiple configurations.

• CxAODReader\_VHbb put m\_doTruthTagging flag back, Hannah, same as for
15-08-19.

 

**Production status:**

• Should be generating yield files as part of the production job.

 

**On going issues:**

• Twiki updates and cleaning.

• Preparing for a new tag.

• Jira issues:

     • Assigned:

          • CXAOD-3 Lumi block tracking, Nicolas

          • CXAOD-6 Crashes in PU reweighting – linked to CXAOD-36,
multiple contribs

          • CXAOD-11 Tutorial Updates, Daniel

          • CXAOD-12 TupleMaker upgrade, Jon

          • CXAOD-15 TWiki update, Jon

          • **DONE** <span style="background-color:#fffaa5">CXAOD-19
HistNameSvc: fetch process names in XSections\_13TeV.txt, Sam</span>

          • **DONE** <span style="background-color:#fffaa5">CXAOD-28
Crashes in 12-X production, Jon</span>

          • CXAOD-32 Using correct jet truth label, Daniel

          • CXAOD-33 Debug output of METMaker crashes, Daniel

          • CXAOD-35 CxAODReader performance, Daniel

          • CXAOD-36 Make PRW files configurables, LuLu

          • CXAOD-37 Electron isolation efficiency scale factors, LuLu

          • CXAOD-39 Update XSections file, Federico:
PMGCrossSectionTool to be investigated.

          • CXAOD-40 Trigger at reader level, David: Changes in
devbranch, testing and validation, then will be propagated to the trunk.

          • <span style="background-color:#fffaa5">**DONE** CXAOD-42
updates samples, Arturo</span>

          • CXAOD-43 (CXAOD-47) New reader tag, Jon

          • CXAOD-44 Tagging procedure, Jon

          • CXAOD-45 Update to AnalysisBase 2.3.24: issue with taus but
Agni is looking into this.

          • CXAOD-46 Event weight handling in reader, Hannah.

     • Unassigned:

          • CXAOD-25 Improving truth particle selection in CxAODMaker

          • CXAOD-27 Implement Higgs Tagger: requires AnalysisBase
2.3.24.

          • CXAOD-30 Helper methods for executables

 

**Completed Actions From Last Time:**

• Jeff has sent around instructions on the usage of new b-tagging tool.

• FatJet preselection cuts:

     • pt &gt; 250 GeV, eta &lt; 2.5 default in framework.

     • pt &gt; 200 GeV, eta &lt; 2.0 in config file.

 

**B-tagging Tool Usage** - Jeff:

• Interface and implementation complete.

• Jet objects have incomplete BTagging objects so have to copy jet
object to use selection tool and use BTagging info. The required
BTagging objects are thrown away at the maker level.

• Systematic variations need to be implemented int the reader.

• Configuration and example usage are detailed in slides.

• Need to find a solution to “isTagged” work around.

 

**Actions:**

• Change default fatjet preselection cuts so the config file matches the
defaults.

• Target AnalysisBase 2.3.25 for next production.

 

**Discussion:**

• Tagging procedure:

     • Periodic tags \~ once per week for time being.

     • Odd numbered labels for non-production tags, no patching so bug
fixes wait for next tag to go in.

     • Even numbered tags are Production tags. Updates/patches/fixes to
production tags need to come from a branch not the trunk to avoid
issues.

 

• Reader Tag:

     • Need to do a new reader tag in v12 but some issues which need to
be addressed to be able to run on the 12-06 production.

     • Minimum requirements needed:

          • Update to the yield files. (Section, GRL, PRW etc. should be
done for the maker)

 

• Breaking Maker/Reader Dependency:

     • Problem of overlap removal and shallow copies for systematics -
decision of which objects survive overlap removal potentially different
for each (kinematic) systematic variations.

     • Current solution:

          • Any object for which at least one systematic variation
survives overlap removal and pre-selection is written out.

          • Overlap removal and (pre)selection have to be re-done in the
reader and every object.

          • Write flag for electron-muon track sharing info.

          • Could lead to issues if the version of the tools in the
maker and reader are different.

     • Alternative solution based on Top framework:

          • Store a lookup table of overlap removal decisions.

          • Non trivial due to all the possible variations.

          • List of indices of objects that survive for each variation.

          • Wrapped in a class to provide a convenient interface.

          • Kristian currently working on implementation which is nearly
ready, need to do some testing and look at impact to performance of the
reader and storage requirement.

          • Will be able to toggle on/off with flag in config, with flag
set to false by default.
