# Introduction
More and more items on JIRA: good thing ! Now we must address them !

# Changelog

## 15-08-25
* CxAODMaker : Add Jet Shape related paramters to the CxAOD and minor modification in type of return of get\_indexPV() function, okumura
  Protected against slimmed tracks in some derivations
* CxAODReader : put trigger decision access at reader level, djamin
  Validation in 1 and 2 leptons for muon trigger SF
  Some configuration difference between VHbb and Diboson (analysis type). So far tool in CxAODReader\_VHbb,
  will move to CxAODReader once diboson has adjusted to VHbb convention
  For VHbb, the tool uses offline objects to compute the SF. HLT objects are needed only for
  the VBF analysis. HLT and L1 objects are dumped in the CxAOD at the moment to alow for
  trigger studies.
  ACTION: there seems to be a crash when accessing photons in HSG2D4. To be investigated.
* CxAODReader : init m\_triggerTool with nullptr on job creation, dbuesche
* CxAODReader : skip initialization of m\_bTagTool if config invalid (prevent crash), safely delete m\_bTagTool and m\_overlapRemoval, dbuesche
* CxAODReader\_VHbb : Update from Yasu - for VBF inclusive analysis, add a new function declaration and implementation, and add lines to swithc type to "VBFIncl" in nitializeSelection function, okumura

## 15-08-26
* CxAODTools : Added OverlapRegister and related files. First part of [CERN-JIRA](CXAOD-52), grkeren
* CxAODMaker : Added OverlapRegister to CxAODMaker - turned off by default. Second part of [CERN-JIRA](CXAOD-52). Next is implementing it in CxAODReader., grkeren
* CxAODTools : proper CLIDs, adjusted print-out, grkeren
  Some intrications with the TMVA/JetRegression code, to be debugged with Elizabeth
* CxAODReader : add info output for finalize methods, dbuesche
* FrameworkExe : remove duplicated comment, dbuesche
* FrameworkExe : update default sample (previous was removed), add TrackJet::AddPreselJets=true, dbuesche
  Size increase about 4%
* CxAODReader : removed m\_mcChannel retrieval in initializeIsMC (); ensure consistent usage throughout the code; CXAOD-51, hanar

## 15-08-27
* CxAODMaker : copyIfExists ConeTruthLabelID and HadronConeExclTruthLabelID for truth jets, dbuesche
* CxAODMaker : replace using PileupReweightingTool by wrapper PUReweightingTool; CXAOD-54, hanar
* CxAODTools : wrapper for PU reweighting; CXAOD-54, hanar
* FrameworkExe : enable PU retrieval in config; CXAOD-46, hanar
  So new tool can be used from either the Maker or the Reader
* CxAODReader : delete m\_triggerTool, hanar
* CxAODTools : introduced setEventWeight method, where MC gen weight, lumi weight and PU weight are derived and multplied; getLumiWeight(double& weight) was renamed and cleaned-up; applyPUWeight() was introduced where the PU weight is either retrieved from the input CxAOD or retrieved from the PUReweightingTool depending on the config settings; the execute() method was restructured and cleaned-up, in order to avoid retrieving the eventInfo several times and to decorate it with the lumi and PU weight for each systematic variation; CXAOD-46, hanar
* CxAODMaker : Update to photon efficiency correction config files, prose
* CxAODMaker\_VHbb : Remove VBF0phEvtSelection and add VBFInclEvtSelection, prose
* CxAODReader\_VHbb : changes to vbf0ph analysis reader, and update vbf analyses names for consistent analysis selection between reader and maker, prose
* CxAODTools : Use isWHSignalElectrons in VBF+gamma OR, prose
* CxAODTools\_VHbb : Updating VBFHbb\*EvtSelection to a common preSelection so that vbf and vbf+gamma can share CxAODs, prose
* CxAODTools : fix 2lep TriggerTool for matching bug and put xe80 by default for 0lep, djamin

## 15-08-28
* CxAODMaker : add electron isolation effSF; CXAOD-37, lulu
* CxAODMaker : CXAOD-58: add efficiency scale factors for Tight working point, dbuesche
* CxAODMaker : CXAOD-58 bugfix: write correct looseIsoSF, dbuesche
* CxAODMaker : CXAOD-58: user proper xAOD::Muon::Quality enum for MuonSelectionTool (no change in behaviour), dbuesche
* CxAODReader\_VHbb : CXAOD-40: temporarily enable trigger tool initialization in CxAODReader\_VHbb, dbuesche
* CxAODReader : CXAOD-40: temporarily disable trigger tool initialization, dbuesche
* CxAODMaker : removed deprecated debugging output; added debug output; CXAOD-63, hanar
* CxAODTools : add electron isolation effSF, lulu
* CxAODTools : rm \_\_MAKECINT\_\_, hanar
* FrameworkExe : added two additional, recommended systematics affecting METTrack, hanar

## 15-08-31
* CxAODMaker : Higgs tagger, benitezj
  ACTION: follow up on this
* CxAODTools : adding deletes..., hanar
* CxAODTools : use m\_msgLevel; reduce messaging, hanar

# Ongoing issues

* CXAOD-3 Lumi block tracking, Nicolas
  Depends on external JIRA issue. Need to follow up
* CXAOD-11 Tutorial Updates, Daniel
* CXAOD-12 TupleMaker upgrade, Jon
  Some crashes to investigate
* CXAOD-15 TWiki update, Jon
* CXAOD-19 HistNameSvc: fetch process names in XSections\_13TeV.txt, Sam
  Should be closed
* CXAOD-32 Using correct jet truth label, Daniel
* CXAOD-33 Debug output of METMaker crashes, Daniel
  Maybe fixed in new realease. To be checked
* CXAOD-35 CxAODReader performance, Daniel
* CXAOD-39 Update XSections file, Federico
  Several versions circulating. Should follow up so the one on SVN is always the most accurate
* CXAOD-40 Trigger at reader level, David
* CXAOD-42 updates samples, Arturo
* CXAOD-45 Update to AnalysisBase 2.3.24
  Should move to 2.3.25. Issue in tau handler to be fixed. Need to run some truth tool before the usual ones.
* CXAOD-46 Event weight handling in reader, Hannah
  ACTION: add some config flags.
* CXAOD-48 Macros to check GRL against data folder, Tom
  ACTION: move to trunk then close
* CXOAD-49 Required object containers for event selection, Daniel
* CXAOD-50 override specifier, Daniel
* CXAOD-52 recording/retrieving overlap removal results, Kristian
* CXAOD-53 Remove 8 TeV switches
  Decision between keeping potentially dead code, and the possibility that some day 8TeV is reprocessed
* CXAOD-54 PU improvements
* CXAOD-55 Tag 14-00 preparations (59,59,60,61,63,62,64,65),
* CXAOD-66 Pretagging validation
* CXAOD-78 flag to turn off histogram filling in Reader, Daniel
* CXAOD-79 followup on METHandler from CXAOD-63, Hannah
* CXAOD-80 Move calls to apply systematics up inheritance chain, Daniel
* CXAOD-82 Truth PDF info, Ines
* CXAOD-83 Tagging procedure discussion for Reader, Daniel, Jon

# Discussion

## Meeting time next week
Next week is P&P. Usual time coincides with btagging. Possible options are Monday afternoon or Wednesday morning. To be followed up

## Preparations for next tag
There is a checklist:

* Finish code checks:
  - Electrons, photons, taus, fatjets, MET
* Check configuration files etc:
  - GRL, PU, sample inputs
* Run test jobs
  - Local
  - Grid
* Validation framework?

*Volunteers needed to go through the items.* Otherwise people will be chased after.

## Tagging procedure for CxAODReader

Everyone agrees that tagging cycle is too slow for the Reader. Discussion ongoing on [CXAOD-83](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/CXAOD-83).

Daniel: main point is that with current tagging procedure, Reader may be quite old when running on a complete production. for 12-06, many fixes were needed to run successfully.
An alternative could be to create reader tags from the trunk.
 However, one had to be careful to
 keep the selection consistent, i.e.: object selection (ok if Properties stay the same), overlap removal (may be solved by Kristian's work), event selection (trunk quite stable)

 Jon:  I think, if we can store the result of the overlap removal then it is probably not
 too much work to keep close eye on the event selection to make sure nothing changes.
 Adding new tags of CxAODReader VHbb and CxAODReader derived from the trunk to an
 existing tag is probably safe so long as they don’t depend on changes in CxAODTools or the
 AnalysisBase release.

 Sam, Jose: in favor of splitting Maker/Reader as much as possible

 Please provide additional inputs to the discussion on the JIRA ticket !
