Short reports: (based around change log of framework trunk)

  15-08-11\
 • CxAODReader: Add possibility to call automatic yield file generation
from reader \
 executable. CXAOD-22. Daniel\
 • Tag FrameworkSub 12-5: same as 12-4, with fixed dataset names in In/.
Daniel\
 • CxAODReader/CxAODReader\_VHbb: some cleanups. Daniel\
 • Tag FrameworkSub 12-6: same as 12-5, with fix for crashed in 2 lepton
production \
 applied. Daniel\
 • CxAODReader/FrameworkExe: CXAOD-31: enable failure on unchecked
status \
 codes by default in the Reader. Daniel\
 • CxAODMaker\_VHbb/FrameworkExe: dump in CxAOD only fat jets that
pass \
 some preselection. CXAOD-23. Nicolas, ACTION = follow-up on what
preselection is actually applied.\
 • CxAODTool/CxAODMaker: add LumiMetaDataTool to propagate LB
information \
 on data. CXAOD-3. Nicolas, On-going\
 • CxAODMaker: Fix crashes in 2 lepton production due to nullptr in \
 JetRegressionVars. CXAOD-28 CXAOD-29. Jon

15-08-12\
 • CxAODReader: fixes on btagging. CXAOD-18, CXAOD-34. Hannah\
 • CxAODMaker: Update PU. CXAOD-16. Daniel - ACTION = needs further
discussion of how to robustly do PRW, also there is the issue of
mu-rescaling. Need to be able to do the first of these in the reader
since it might change according to data sample being processed in a
particular analysis job. One particular issue is that of crashing when
the MC "run number" is not in the PRW config file.

• CxAODTools/CxAODMaker: Small changes to taus in OR. Agni. Overlap
removal in the trunk for electron-tau overlaps should now be correct. In
the 12-6 production the removal done in the Maker is incorrect. Not
expected to impact the nominal VH analysis.\
 15-08-13\
 • CxAODMaker/FrameworkSub: Update data and GRL up to period C5. CXAOD-\
 25. Daniel\
 • FrameworkExe/CxAODReader: Use xAOD branch access when reading \
 NominalOnly. CXAOD-35. Daniel\
 15-08-14\
 • Make PRW file configurable from cfg file. CXAOD-36. Lulu\
 • CxAODReader fix compiler warning. Daniel\
 15-08-17\
 • CxAODMaker Update FatJet calibration to EtaJET\_JMS. J.Ennis

 

Production 12-6 now complete\
 • 0-lep\
 •
/eos/atlas/atlasgroupdisk/phys-higgs/HSG5/Run2/VH/HIGG5D1\_13TeV/CxAOD\_00-12-06/CxAOD\
 • 1-lep\
 •
/eos/atlas/atlasgroupdisk/phys-higgs/HSG5/Run2/VH/HIGG5D2\_13TeV/CxAOD\_00-12-06/CxAOD\
 • 2-lep\
 •
/eos/atlas/atlasgroupdisk/phys-higgs/HSG5/Run2/VH/HIGG2D4\_13TeV/CxAOD\_00-12-06/CxAOD

 

Note: hist files were merged into the CxAOD files to produce output that
should look identical to the case where the yield histograms were
included in the CxAOD. (This wasn't possible in 12-6 due to problem in
xAODRootAccess). So using the files on eos means you don't need separate
hist files.

 

Actions from last time:

 

DONE:\
 • test new tag of xAODRootAccess in our framework on a grid job to \
 test merging issues are fixed, tested on the Grid and works.\
 • propagate sample name fixes to a new tag 12-05\
 • commit code for fat jet preselection\
 • add C5 data

ON-GOING:

\
 • TWiki updates and cleaning

• follow-up on new b-tagging tool to get instructions on usage\
 • make a note on TWiki about VBF+photon trigger emulation\
 • create JIRA issue for command line options for Reader.\
 • prepare for new tag

JIRA Issues:

Assigned:\
 • CXAOD-3 Lumi block tracking, Nicolas: On-going\
 • CXAOD-6 Crashes in PU reweighting – linked to CXAOD-36, multiple \
 contribs : needs further discussion\
 • CXAOD-11 Tutorial Updates, Daniel : awaiting reader tag for v12\
 • CXAOD-12 TupleMaker upgrade, Jon : On-going\
 • CXAOD-15 TWiki update, Jon : On-going\
 • CXAOD-19 HistNameSvc: fetch process names in \
 XSections\_13TeV.txt, Sam : On-going\
 • CXAOD-28 Crashes in 12-X production, Jon : Closed\
 • CXAOD-32 Using correct jet truth label, Daniel : Prepared for next
production run.\
 • CXAOD-33 Debug output of METMaker crashes, Daniel : Prevents use of
debug option for this tool. Tool author notified.\
 • CXAOD-35 CxAODReader performance, Daniel : On-going performance
improvements

• CXAOD-25 Improving truth particle selection in CxAODMaker : On-going,
need volunteers to help implement latest recommendations\
 • CXAOD-27 Implement Higgs Tagger : On-going, emails forwarded to
mailing list with feedback from last Xbb meeting. Kristian is in the
process of updating the framework to store the shallow copies in the
TStore managed by EventLoop. This will make the ElementLinks work
correctly. There are some deeper issues concerning having multiple
TStore's in the event which are out of our control. We should ensure we
only ever have one, and use the one from EventLoop.\
 • CXAOD-30 Helper methods for executables : On-going, discussion should
continue on JIRA issue, with feature requests
etc. https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/CXAOD-30

Discussion:

1\)    Pile-up reweighting:

    Need to ensure we have accurate configuration. Need to ensure robust
against crashes due to missing run numbers.

    Likely needs to be regenerated directly from xAOD files, ie before
skimming in the derivations, and there maybe some discussion/work
on-going to get this into the derivation framework.

    Meanwhile we need to investigate how to make sure we have a good
configuration for running in production AND in the reader. Some
discussion of mu-rescaling, this should be possible in the reading.

Further discussion needed to settle on procedure.

 

2\) Production and storage on EOS

    Currently need about 1 TB for 12-6 production. Should drop by factor
of 2 for future productions due to more efficient removal of unneeded
information.  Running from eos on lxplus is slow and probably not
recommended. There was some discussion previously of having communal afs
space for storing the "latest" production, leaving archival productions
on eos. Song-Ming will follow-up with Paolo as to the status of this.

3\) Tagging procedure

    At least three people supported idea of having regular periodic
tagging of the framework, say weekly, with some basic testing. Jon will
circulate proposal for comment.

4\) Trigger code in framework

David is still seeking comment on implementation of trigger decision and
some related trigger scale factors in the reader. Was suggested a JIRA
issue be created to pull together any discussion followed by an email to
the list with a link to the discussion.

    

Action summary:

-   Lumi block tracking - on going
-   Crashes in PU reweighting
-   Tutorial updates - pending reader tag
-   Reader tag
-   TupleMaker update - on going
-   TWiki updates - on going
-   HistNameSvc update - nearly complete
-   Improving truth particle selection - needs volunteer
-   Helper method discussion - on going
-   Storing intermediate containers in TStore for HTagger.
-   Split some sample directories on eos
-   Documentation for new b-tagging tool
-   Follow up with Paolo on afs disk space usage for storing current
    production
-   Proposal for regular periodic tagging of the framework
-   Create JIRA issue for trigger implementation in reader to collect
    discussion/comments on current implementation

