**1) Some notes and questions about JIRA**

-   Can be used to report bugs, feature requests and improvements
    (amongst other things)

      **Don't hesitate to use it!**

-   Can reference a issue in an SVN commit by including the issue id
    (Looks like: CXAOD-XX) where XX is the issue number. JIRA will pick
    up the commit messages and automatically attach them to the
    JIRA issue. This is very useful!
-   not a replacement for the TWiki - complements its usage.
-   anyone can close an issue
-   tag information is kept on the TWiki

**2) Reports : Mainly derived from Nicolas slide list :**\
 **  Work done this week**

-   added weight systematics support to the Reader: example of usage
    currently only in email from Daniel
-   MVATree was updated to support multiple output trees for systematics
     
-   names of containers in framework-read updated to rel20 from rel19
-   Tag 12-03 was updated for the Reader to be the "last version" of the
    Reader compatible with dc14 MC CxAODs
-   implementation of new b-tagging tool
    -    some validation information was presented in last VHbb meeting.
    -   further details awaiting a presentation from Jeff. ACTION  =
        follow up with details of how to use correctly
-   JER systematic name changed
-   new command line arguments added to hsg5framework executable
    -   `hsg5framework -h`   to get a short list of the options
    -   request to add something similar to the reader ACTION = create
        JIRA ticket and add to unassigned issues list.
-   emulation of VBF+photon trigger : fixes a trigger menu bug in the MC
    samples 
    -   affects all 50ns samples - reco tag 6630 
    -   will be fixed in the future in 25ns samples. ACTION = make a
        note on the TWiki?
-   MET systematics bug fix - causing crashes due to change in trackMET
    CP code 
-   sample lists updated and cleaned so that only the latest files are
    present in the latest version.
    -   updated on trunk and 12-04
-   tag 12-04 updated samples lists for new production by Arturo
-   more truth information from Maker - improved logic on what particles
    get into the output
-   further bug-fixes in the reader - crash of CxAODReader\_VHbb when
    doing b-tagging.
-   some also some old functionality no longer being used was removed
-   Updated to release 2.3.23 in trunk, fixes in xAODRootAccess - should
    solve our merging issue with histograms on CxAOD files. which have
    now been added back to the main file. ACTION = test this on the grid
-   also fixes some ROOT issue on some exotics DxAODs
-   fixed sample names in In/ directory  ACTION = propagate this to a
    new tag 12-05

** Current Production:**

-   missing DxAOD files in 12-1 and 12-2 - in particular large Sherpa.
-   full DxAODs are present now - this is being updated by Arturo - many
    2lepton jobs failing due to a problem with missing pile-ups? Arturo
    is investigating deeper. Help welcome.

** Ongoing items:**

-   automatic generation of yield files 
-   TupleMaker upgrade
-   lumi block tracking in data, test ensure accurate computation of
    lumi in the processed samples - just about ready on a devbranch.
    Some issues beyond our control:
    -   xAODRootAccess merging of empty files (fixed in latest tag)
    -   at the moment cannot pass any options to xAODMerge in the prun
        driver (need to be able to pass the '-m' option, JIRA ticket in
        analysis base for this.
-    fat jet preselection - ACTION= will commit after meeting
-   update in hist name service
-   proposal to fetch process names from XSections\_13TeV.txt file

**Unassigned issues:**

-   update PU in the maker
-   add data up to C5 (currently have up to C4). adds about an extra
    5pb-1
    -   need to update data sample list and the GRL.  Song
        Ming volunteered.
-   TWiki updates (Jon)
-   Tutorial updates (Unassigned)
-   Discussion:

 1) Higgs Tagger

-   will become an official CP tool. We'd like to have it in
    the framework.
-   used to work, but recently broke. Appears to be related to storing a
    link to a matched muon.

    \
 Discussion points:

-   propose wish list to HTagger group?:

1.  configurable decorations - ie single flag to turn off all
    decorations
2.  would like muon correction to be a separate tool to the higgs
    tagger - so higgs tagger should take muon corrected inputs.

-   ACTION = continue by email.

 

-   make a new tag at the end of the week pending analysis of current
    grid failures.  No need to do production just because we tag.

**Action summary:**

1. follow-up on new b-tagging tool to get instructions on usage
2. make a note on TWiki about VBF+photon trigger emulation 
3. test new tag of xAODRootAccess in our framework on a grid job to
test merging issues are fixed
4. propagate sample name fixes to a new tag 12-05
5. commit code for fat jet preselection
6. add C5 data
7. Twiki updates and cleaning
8. create JIRA issue for command line options for Reader.

9. prepare for new tag

 
